Software Developer, Early Career, Campus 

Waterloo, ON · Reposted 1 week ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time

Apply

Save
Your profile and resume match some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Guelph

Show all
About the job
The application window will be open until at least September 30, 2026. This opportunity will remain online based on business needs which may be before or after specified date.

This posting is for a future vacancy.

Google utilizes AI tools to assist in assessing candidates in our hiring processes.

In most instances, this position requires in-person interviews as part of the hiring process.

Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Waterloo, ON, Canada; Montreal, QC, Canada.Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience.
Experience working with data structures or algorithms during coursework/projects, research, internships, or practical experience in school or work (e.g. open-source coding).
Experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript).
Experience utilizing AI productivity tools to streamline business or development workflows.

Preferred qualifications:

Master's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Experience working with one or more of the following: web or mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development.
Experience developing accessible technologies.
Ability to learn coding languages as needed.

About The Job

Google's software developers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for software developers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software developer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our software developers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the global audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring talent, a variety of perspectives, ideas, and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. You will be considered for all potential Software Development opportunities. Roles may vary by location and will be discussed in more detail with your recruiter after completion of onsite interviews.

Google is a software development company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, software developers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google software developers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.

Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

Canada: $126000 - $129000 (CAD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits

Responsibilities

Learn more about benefits at Google .

Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve software.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables.
Take on tasks as requested, following through to completion despite roadblocks or distractions.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .