Machine Learning Engineer 

Toronto, ON · Reposted 2 weeks ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time

Apply

Save
Your profile and resume match some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Guelph

Show all
About the job
Work Location:

Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Hours

37.5

Line Of Business

Analytics, Insights, & Artificial Intelligence

Pay Details

$120,000 - $250,000 CAD

The pay details posted reflect a temporary market premium specific to this role that is reassessed annually.

TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description

We are currently seeking talented individuals for a variety of positions, ranging from junior to senior levels, and will evaluate your application in its entirety.

Layer 6 is the AI center of excellence for TD Bank Group. We develop and deploy industry-leading machine learning systems that impact the lives of over 27 million customers, helping more people achieve their financial goals and needs.

Our work spans the field of machine learning with areas such as deep learning and generative AI, time series forecasting and responsible use of AI. We have access to massive financial datasets and actively collaborate with world renowned academic faculty. We are driven to be at the cutting edge of machine learning in research, engineering, and impactful applications.

We are looking for world-class engineers to tackle cutting-edge problems in Machine Learning applied to the real world. Work with large-scale, real-world datasets spanning multiple modalities, ranging from banking transactions, conversation transcripts to large document collections.

As a Machine Learning Engineer, You Will

Join a world-class team of AI developers with an extensive track record of shipping solutions at the cutting-edge
Architect scalable machine learning and Gen AI systems that integrate with existing data platform and infrastructure, focusing on automation, operation efficiency, and reliability
Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code for ML models to ensure efficient deployment of scalable AI application
Work with large-scale, real-world datasets that range from banking transactions, conversation histories, to large document collections
Grow by continuously learning new skills and exploring advanced topics in AI with a team that thrives on knowledge-sharing

Required Qualifications

Master or bachelor's degree in computer science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or a related field
3+ years of developer experience shipping code in production settings
Strong background in machine learning and deep learning
Strong coding proficiency in Python, Java, C, or C++
You value good software design and sweat over details in code and API design
You take great personal pride in building robust and scalable software
You are highly accountable and have a strong sense of ownership
You strive to communicate clearly and with empathy

Preferred Qualifications

Research experience with publication record
Experience with LangGraph, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Jax, or comparable library
Experience with building and scaling data-intensive software
Experience using GPUs for accelerated deep learning training