Software Developer I (Full Time) - Canada 

Kanata, ON · 2 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time

Apply

Save
Your profile and resume match the required qualifications well



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Guelph

Show all
About the job
Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.

Applications accepted until further notice.

Meet the Team

Our hardworking team members are lively programming magic across the globe on teams such as Engineering, Information Technology, Supply Chain, Customer Experience, Security and Trust, etc.

You would play a crucial role in driving next-gen software innovations including cloud, mobile, desktop or security spaces. On any of these teams, you'll get hands-on experience working with applications that make technology accessible no matter what device they're on. See the possibilities when creativity meets develop and build solutions which will transform how we work, live, learn, and play.

Your Impact

As a software developer on our team, you will be the driving force behind crafting user-friendly, reliable software and tools that support critical technology platforms such as operating systems, networks, and databases. You will balance growing our software capabilities with hardware compatibility considerations and have the opportunity to influence develop decisions. We offer diverse opportunities across Applications Development, Database Development, Embedded Networking and OS Development, IT, Security, Test & Quality, and Web Services. You are a collaborative communicator with strong organizational skills and a passion for solving sophisticated challenges. Driven and resourceful, you excel at managing your time efficiently, streamlining processes, and delivering high-quality results on schedule. Join us to apply your problem-solving skills and contribute to innovative software solutions that make a significant impact.

Minimum Qualifications

Meet one of the following (completed within the past 3 years or expected to be completed within the next 12 months):
 A Bachelor's degree with 0 years of work experience; or
 An educational or workforce development program (e.g., Associate’s, Apprenticeship, Boot camp, or Certification) with 1 year of work experience; or
 High school diploma (or equivalent) with 2 years of work experience.
 Qualifying education and work experience should be in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, or a related field. 
Proficiency in at least one of the following programming or scripting languages: C/C++, Python, or Java, with evidence of recent (within the 12 months) coursework, projects, or work experience. 
Experience in quality assurance (QA), testing, and/or debugging in an academic, project-based, or work related setting. 

Preferred Qualifications

Knowledge of Linux, networking concepts, operating system fundamentals, embedded development, and/or machine learning 
Experience with databases, web application development, and web services 
Knowledge of computer networking and/or cybersecurity 
Knowledge of cloud platforms such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud 

Why Cisco?

At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.

Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere.

We are Cisco, and our power starts with you.

Message to applicants applying to work in the U.S. and/or Canada:

Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location, market conditions, job-related skillset, experience, qualifications, education, certifications, and/or training. The full salary range for certain locations is listed below. For locations not listed below, the recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process.

U.S. employees are offered benefits, subject to Cisco’s plan eligibility rules, which include medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, paid parental leave, short and long-term disability coverage, and basic life insurance. Please see the Cisco careers site to discover more benefits and perks. Employees may be eligible to receive grants of Cisco restricted stock units, which vest following continued employment with Cisco for defined periods of time.

U.S. employees are eligible for paid time away as described below, subject to Cisco’s policies:

10 paid holidays per full calendar year, plus 1 floating holiday for non-exempt employees
1 paid day off for employee’s birthday, paid year-end holiday shutdown, and 4 paid days off for personal wellness determined by Cisco
Non-exempt employees** receive 16 days of paid vacation time per full calendar year, accrued at rate of 4.92 hours per pay period for full-time employees
Exempt employees participate in Cisco’s flexible vacation time off program, which has no defined limit on how much vacation time eligible employees may use (subject to availability and some business limitations)
80 hours of sick time off provided on hire date and each January 1st thereafter, and up to 80 hours of unused sick time carried forward from one calendar year to the next
Additional paid time away may be requested to deal with critical or emergency issues for family members
Optional 10 paid days per full calendar year to volunteer

For non-sales roles, employees are also eligible to earn annual bonuses subject to Cisco’s policies.

Employees On Sales Plans Earn Performance-based Incentive Pay On Top Of Their Base Salary, Which Is Split Between Quota And Non-quota Components, Subject To The Applicable Cisco Plan. For Quota-based Incentive Pay, Cisco Typically Pays As Follows

.75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota;
1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%;
1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and
Once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation.

For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, Cisco may pay 0% up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.

The applicable full salary ranges for this position, by specific state, are listed below:

New York City Metro Area

$107,800.00 - $157,400.00

Non-Metro New York State & Washington State

$94,800.00 - $140,000.00

 For quota-based sales roles on Cisco’s sales plan, the ranges provided in this posting include base pay and sales target incentive compensation combined.
 Employees in Illinois, whether exempt or non-exempt, will participate in a unique time off program to meet local requirements.