Software Engineer, Entry-Level (Graduation Date Winter 2026 - Spring/Summer 2027) 

Toronto, ON · Reposted 7 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time

Apply

Save
Your profile and resume match some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Guelph

Show all
About the job
About the Team

DoorDash is building the world's most reliable on-demand logistics engine for delivery! We're looking for experienced engineers to join our fast-growing engineering team to help us develop a 24x7 global infrastructure system that powers DoorDash's three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers.

About the Role

We are looking for highly motivated recent college graduates At DoorDash, our product engineers implement and operate technological solutions to improve the experiences of our merchants, dashers, and consumers. From creating beautiful, user-friendly flows to crafting scalable backend architectures, we strive to deliver reliant, performant technology that delights our customers.

You're excited about this opportunity because you will…

Develop, maintain and ship technical elements with the support of your mentor, manager, and team members
Act on feedback, coaching, and mentorship from your mentor and team members
Actively learn about the elements to which you contribute
Make a direct impact on our business by collaborating with your team to solve problems for our customers

We're excited about you because you have…

You recently graduated from a Canadian university with a B.S. or M.S. Degree in Computer Science or equivalent and graduated between Fall 2026-Summer 2027
At least 2 previous Software Engineering internships or equivalent work experience with no more than 2 years of full-time work experience
Experience working with databases (e.g. SQL)
Solid understanding of algorithms and data structures
Experience working with at least one object-oriented programming language )e.g. Python, Java, Kotlin, etc.)
Experience writing clean code, working with version control, and unit testing

Nice to Haves:

Able to analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various systems
Excited to develop, release, and run large-scale web applications
Experience with solutions for systems monitoring, live deployments, and continuous integration
Experience with real-time technology problems
Experience working with service oriented architecture, writing APIs, and designing systems

Compensation

Actual compensation within the pay range listed below will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location. Base salary is localized according to employee work location.

In addition to base salary, the compensation for this role includes opportunities for equity grants. Talk to your recruiter for more information.

DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being. That's why we offer a comprehensive benefits package for all regular employees, that includes paid time off, paid parental leave, wellness benefit and several paid holidays.

Additionally, for full-time employees, DoorDash offers medical, dental, and vision benefits, disability and basic life insurance, an RRSP including an employer match, and a mental health program, among others.

To learn more about our benefits, visit our careers page here.

The base pay for this position ranges from our lowest geographical market up to our highest geographical market within British Columbia.

$94,500—$118,000 CAD

About DoorDash

At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started by enabling door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known as the place you order food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods.

DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. We're committed to supporting employees' happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.

Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

We're committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That's why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.

If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.

Beware of recruitment scams: DoorDash, Deliveroo, and Wolt will never ask you to pay money or share sensitive financial information during hiring — learn more about our legitimate recruiting process at Recruitment Scam Awareness - DoorDash .