Lab Technician - Temporary
Magna International
•
65 Independence Place, Guelph, ON N1K 1H8
•
$28.88–$32.04 an hour
Full job description
Job descriptions may display in multiple languages based on your language selection.

What we offer:
At Magna, you can expect an engaging and dynamic environment where you can help to develop industry-leading automotive technologies. We invest in our employees, providing them with the support and resources they need to succeed. As a member of our global team, you can expect exciting, varied responsibilities as well as a wide range of development prospects. Because we believe that your career path should be as unique as you are.
Group Summary:
The Magna Exteriors portfolio of products includes access systems such as liftgates, exterior trim, modular systems, front-end modules including fascia, active aerodynamic systems and other lightweight structural components for automotive, commercial truck and other industrial markets.
Recognized globally as an innovator in all aspects of vehicle exteriors, Magna provides everything needed, from materials development and design through manufacturing and assembly, to help automakers create sleek, state-of-the-art vehicles across the world.
Job Responsibilities:

QUALIFICATIONS NECESSARY TO DO THE JOB:

Immediate, open temporary position (one year requirement)
- $28.88 - $32.04 per hour

ASQ Certified Quality Technician preferred
Good communication skills (both written and spoken)
Previous laboratory experience preferred
CMM operation and programming an asset
Excellent organizational skills
Must be computer literate (MS Word and Excel, email, etc)
Must be self-motivated and have ability to work well under pressure
Proven analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills
Must be accurate and detail-oriented
Must be safety conscious and reliable
Must be able to work flexible hours as needed
Ability to manage time effectively and plan work with minimal supervision
MAIN DUTIES

Tracks and validates sample submission requests
Coordinates sample submission parts
Prepares samples for testing
Performs sample submission testing
Collects, analyses and inputs data
Prepares and submits informal test reports
Awareness, Unity, Empowerment:
At Magna, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. That’s why we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire on the basis of experience and qualifications, and in consideration of job requirements, regardless of, in particular, color, ancestry, religion, gender, origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity. Magna takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. We discourage you from sending applications via email or traditional mail to comply with GDPR requirements and your local Data Privacy Law.


AI-Assisted Screening Disclosure
As part of our commitment to a fair, consistent, and efficient recruitment process, we may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to assist in the initial screening of applications submitted through our Workday system. These tools help identify qualifications and experience that align with the role requirements. Please note that AI is used solely to support our recruiters. Final decisions are always made by the hiring manager and the hiring team. Importantly, no applicant data is shared externally through these AI tools. All information remains securely within our systems and is handled in accordance with our privacy and data protection policies.


Under conditions defined by applicable law, you may have the right to request an explanation of how AI is used to support decision-making.
If you have any questions or concerns about this process, feel free to contact our Talent Attraction team.


Worker Type:

Regular / Permanent
Group:

Magna Exteriors