Product & Portfolio Manager - Physical AI
Siemens
·
4.0
Kitchener, ON
•
Hybrid work
$110,000–$145,000 a year
 -  
Full-time
Full job description
Change the future with us.

We are looking for dedicated and talented people who solve ever-changing challenges, customer needs, and questions from colleagues with clever concepts and creativity. We embrace change and work with curious minds re-inventing the future of work. Join us and let us focus together on what’s truly important: making lives better with new ideas and the latest technology around the world.


About the role: Product and Portfolio Manager – Physical AI

More than half of industrial work is still manual because traditional automation struggles with dynamic environments. Physical AI changes that, by combining AI-driven intelligence with trusted industrial execution, enabling a new generation of flexible, autonomous production systems powered by Siemens.

As a Product and Portfolio Manager, you’ll shape market-leading products around Physical AI, set inspiring strategies, and work hand-in-hand with cross-functional teams to turn bold ideas into outstanding customer experiences. Ready to set new benchmarks and make an impact with your vision and drive?


What will you do?

Continuously analyze market trends and competitor offerings, ensuring our product portfolio sets industry standards and remains highly competitive
Collect feedback and establish relevant metrics, collaborating closely with sales, verticals, product owners, and development teams to shape best-in-class products and accelerate their market launch
Shape the overarching product strategy, develop the business around product families and network with relevant partners in the Siemens ecosystem around Physical AI, Industrial AI and Robotics
Create outstanding customer experiences, you work hand in hand with UX and support teams, integrating customer needs and technological advancements into solution design
Building on these insights, you define and implement product marketing strategies, actively supporting marketing, sales enablement, and partner development to maximize reach and impact
Drive ongoing improvements throughout the product and portfolio lifecycle, prioritizing initiatives and incorporating ideas from software development teams to foster innovation and sustainable growth

What you will bring:

Bachelor’s/ Master’s degree in Computer science/Software Engineering/ Robotics, with a degree in Business or equivalent techno commercial work experience in a similar role
Solid experience in digital business development for data analytics, software, services, or artificial intelligence-enabled offerings
Over 3 years of experience and proven track record in product portfolio management, Physical AI product ownership, or AI architecture, ideally with experience in product development of AI models on robotic systems
Strong familiarity with Strategy, Business Development, Product Scoping and MVP creation, as well as the ability to translate customer needs into solution design and assess technology impact
self-motivated, decisive, creative, open-minded and excel at building and maintaining trustful relationships across all levels and partners
Strong communication skills in English, proficiency in German is a plus

What sets you apart:

Experience with Physical AI products for industrial use in North America
Proven experience in taking 0
1 products to market
Ability to thrive in a Matrix organization with distributed teams

Why Join Us?

Impact: Build the founding team and platform capability for a strategic Physical AI initiative in Canada.
Innovation: Work at the intersection of robotics, AI, industrial software, workflow orchestration, and platform engineering.
Leadership: Shape the direction, culture, and operating model of a new strategic engineering organization.
Collaboration: Partner with leading global research, product, and engineering teams.
Growth: Help define how Physical AI platform capabilities scale from data foundations to runtime-enabled industrial applications.

Salary: Salary is commensurate with experience, and base salary ranges between $110,000 - $ 145,000 CAD, excluding bonus and benefits. In addition to base salary, this role includes eligibility for an annual discretionary bonus of 10% of base salary, based on Company performance metrics.


Why you’ll love working for Siemens!

Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces.
Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects.
Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment.
Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale.
Competitive total rewards package.
Profit sharing available.
Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle.
Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community.
Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events.
Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them!
Employee perks and discounts.
Diversity and inclusivity focused.
Siemens is proud to be an eight-time award winner of Canada’s Top 100 Employers, Canada’s Greenest Employers 2025 and Canada’s Top Employers for Young People 2025.


About us.

We share our ideas and champion the people behind them.

Siemens Canada is a leading technology company focused on industry, infrastructure, mobility and healthcare. The company’s purpose is to create technology with purpose, transforming the everyday, for everyone, since 1912. By combining the real and the digital worlds, Siemens empowers its customers to accelerate their digital and sustainability transformations, making factories more efficient, cities more liveable, and transportation more sustainable. Siemens also owns a majority stake in the publicly listed company Siemens Healthineers, a leading global medical technology provider pioneering breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.

In fiscal 2024, which ended September 30, 2024, Siemens Canada had revenues of approx. $2.2 billion CAD. The company has approximately 4,400 employees from coast-to-coast and 37 office and production facilities across Canada.

To learn more about Siemens Canada, visit our website at www.siemens.ca

While we appreciate all applications we receive, we advise that only candidates under consideration will be contacted.

#LI-Hybrid

Canada

Report job