CC AI Technical Lead
Full job description
Agilus by Synergie is recruiting for a CC AI Technical Lead in the Insurance Sector in a hybrid work environment in Waterloo, Ontario.

Responsibilities:
Design and implement voice, chat and other digital contact center solutions.
Design and implement generative AI solution that bring automation and efficiencies to contact center
Plan, document, and support the configuration of contact center supporting solutions
Identify opportunities using CCaaS changes, Generative AI or automation to improve call center metrics, such as handle time, wait times, and containment.
Lead the integration design efforts for GenAI solutions for contact center.
Serve as a hands-on technical lead in designing and implementing complex contact center solutions.
Mentor and guide the development team, promoting a collaborative, hands-on technical culture.

Successful candidates will have:
Education: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
7+ years’ experience working with an enterprise level Contact Center as a platform such as Five9, Google Gemini Enterprise CX, Amazon Connect, or Genesys.
Experience with CTI integration with Salesforce or other commercially available CRM systems
Experience in passing context from IVR and chat to the agent as part of designing omnichannel contact center platform.
Experience in designing and building chatbot and/or voicebot leveraging generative AI cloud solutions such Google Dialogflow or Amazon Lex.
Strong proficiency in Java, Python and Node.js for backend service integration with CCaaS or AI applications.
Understanding of API security standards (OAuth, JWT), and RESTful/GraphQL services.

What's in it for you:
$120000.00 - $145000.00 annually
Opportunity to join one of the fastest growing Canadian Insurance brands and deliver leading edge techniology initiatives!

Soft skills:
Strong Communication skills (verbal and written)
Excellent organizational and time-management abilities

This posting is for an active opening.

Interested?
Please apply directly online

Agilus by Synergie would like to thank all candidates for their interest in this opportunity. Due to the volume of resumes we receive; we may only be able to respond directly to those candidates being selected for an interview.
We encourage you to visit agilus.ca regularly or subscribe to our email alerts at agilus.ca/Account/Register as new exciting employment opportunities become available daily.