Software Engineer
Inbox Monster
Burlington, ON
•
Hybrid work
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Paid time off
Vision care
Dental care
Casual dress
Extended health care
Work from home
Company events
Full job description
Company description

Inbox Monster is a next-generation email deliverability threat monitoring platform used by brands and agencies to improve the profitability of their email programs. Our goal is to deliver the technologies and services necessary to enable every Inbox Monster customer to realize their greatest email marketing potential.

The Inbox Monster team is a workforce with team members in Ontario Canada, New Jersey, Charlotte NC, Atlanta, and Chicago. We are currently searching for an ambitious self-starter interested in joining a company that has above-average expectations for its team members and huge ambitions for its business.

Job description

InboxMonster has an exciting opportunity for a Software Engineer. The successful candidate will be part of an agile scrum team developing both the front and back ends of our web analytics platform.

Basic Qualifications

BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent.
5 years of software industry experience.
Programming Experience in any of PHP/Javascript.
Experience in modern web development with Laravel or Symfony frameworks.
Experience translating design mockups and prototypes into working applications.
Passion for user experience and improving usability.
Good communication skills, both written and verbal.
Preferred Qualifications

We are looking for software developers with experience building large scale software and application architecture.
Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and designing for performance, scalability, availability.
Understanding of Web Application Security best practises.
Interest in usability
Mentoring experience
Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive.
Experience and working knowledge with AI, AI Agents and LLM frameworks
Responsibilities:

Sharing knowledge and contributing constructively to discussions
Staying current on industry best practices and how they can be used to continuously improve the Engineering team’s tools and processes
Pinpointing deficiencies in systems and code; Actively pursuing all means toward improvement and thinking critically
Contributing to the team’s success by understanding and working towards prevailing objectives
Adhering to coding standards and processes agreed upon by the team.
Ensuring security goals are met and exceeded by following SDLC pattern.
Extra Considerations

Email Protocols SMTP/IMAP
Email Authentication SPF/DKIM/DMARC
Experience using Amazon Web Services
Experience with Laravel
Experience with RDBMS
Systems Management
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Pay: $85,000.00-$100,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Dental care
Extended health care
Paid time off
Vision care
Work from home
Education:

Bachelor's Degree (required)
Experience:

Web development: 5 years (required)
Laravel: 2 years (required)
Language:

English (required)
Work Location: Hybrid remote in Burlington, ON