Senior Web and Mobile Developer
Manitoulin Group of Companies
·
3.5
7035 Ordan Drive, Mississauga, ON L5T 1R1
$61,500–$72,000 a year
 -  
Full-time
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Profit sharing
Full job description
Company Description

Manitoulin Transport has the most extensive transportation network in North America, making it easy to provide dependable on-time delivery and faster transit times. Sustained by its over 65 years experience, Manitoulin developed the transportation knowledge that is relied on and trusted by clients in various industries.


Job Description

Reporting to the manager of web and mobile development, the senior web developer works with a team of developers to create new websites and applications. You work under the supervision of the manager in your department, but you may be involved in all stages of the project, from brainstorming to final testing. As a senior web developer, you may meet with clients to review web design needs and preferences and provide advice on web applications maintenance. While working on the project, you need to make sure to follow company protocols, and user needs.

Key Duties and Responsibilities:


Agile approach development

Design solutions to framework level complexities

Reproduce issues and provide solutions

Lead a team of developers and manage multiple feature requests

Follow rules of unit and integration testing

Analyzes and resolving technical and application problems

Assists in gathering business and IT requirements & specifications for development initiatives

Prepares IT documentation and Deployment Plan

Ability to use AI in all levels of the SDLC


Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

University degree/College Diploma is preferred.

Demonstrated experience in web development using modern tools and design.

Demonstrated experience in web application design utilizing relational database technology

Great Interpersonal communications skills

Demonstrated experience with structured programming (5 – 8 years)

A team oriented approach to application development

A willingness to learn and ability to lead

Exposure with AI Agents deployments

Exposure with the LAMP Stack and Agile methodologies

GIT, Javascript, HTML, Python, VUE.js, and .NET programming


Additional Information

What do we offer you?

Competitive wages
Comprehensive Benefits Program
Profit-Sharing Opportunities
Rewarding Careers
Opportunities for Growth and Advancement